Removed mentions of Java 8 (#1614)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-java_versioned_docs/version-v5/guides/logging-overview.mdx

#### Recommendation for Spring Boot (e.g. SAP Cloud Application Programming Model)

It's possible to customize the log levels and formatting of your Spring Boot application, e.g. when using the [SAP Cloud Application Programming Model (CAP)](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/) framework.

> For this we recommend the best practices as they are used in our [`spring-boot3`](../getting-started#generating-a-project-from-a-maven-archetype) Maven archetype.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this we recommend the best practices as they are used in our [`spring-boot-3`](../getting-started#generating-a-project-from-a-maven-archetype) Maven archetype.
```
